Today, the task lady is like
to make-up dracula and to be real
I have never believed that in
made my life so I'm mine
pretty sure that I have never
have done
but we'll just do it today
tried and in the beginning you start on
Just look at the face completely
make-up pale
and you either do that with one
waterbed here and / or have with
such swim here that is whole
practically they are in his box
and there you can make such a thing
take and then if you do not have white
make up at home so really
All makeup still just such a
make-up here I take that
taken now
here and in different phases
there is you're gonna get a carnival
also very cheap for example at aldi
or lidl or what exactly and if you have it
not at home then have it easy
You can also take his eyeshadow
and they are going to stay wherever possible
to distribute the face that is natural
take a little bit longer, but as it were
that's the good idea again
I'll do it now I have it now
ever started me a bit
to put on make-up
I think you should not
exaggerate and make it assigns because
it's a bit cheaper then
I hope that my difference
otherwise that would be pretty sad I have
Now as I said already begun times
a little jesu knows how to do it
Next, I would say something follows
very important and two third the
I would once with a red or something
a nearly finch bloodred or somehow
bordering something lipliner and then with
a normal red or
maybe so the dark red to
paint a lipstick that makes him
Me too now I have those too
make-up I also made before
such a lip gloss on it too
was a little happier again
Although quite good now looks right
really funny
but okay that's the point as well
next i want to do the
eyes and the dark circles for the
We can just restore the dark circles
eyeshadows and best simply
so best under the eyes
first with white then with black and
then again with white so it is not too
blatant but still looks the eyes
Bring and then I would definitely
with kajal just a little bit the eyes
make black and then from me too
with normal mascara or something over it
go and then we just look like it
then I look like me again
Habs now tried a bit eyes
get and makeup and then have
even with the eyeshadows easy
a little bit over the eyes again
the black hat made over it and
there is still a bit missing now
but the scary one could do that
shape
I thought about it or I moment
tell you not what I changed my
but you will see it soon
and then you can just contact me
Write or like it
or not so my dear
Here it is a product I have
here now a little blood on it
painted and have my dark circles here
completed with glitter I found
actually quite cool for example if
somehow mast party first maskenball
or anything you can easily
so do and without make-up and without
results in a mask to buy or
as far as is synonymous real money costs
and here I have one more
pattern drangemacht is also sometimes
I would not be so cool
go to the street mix carnival
or halloween, though
yes a lot at home I think so
I have something to make up and exactly
and
Well, if you could like it
write to me because the
you have suggestions for improvement
of course also write
and yes it was great fun so
maybe try it at home sometimes
of yes and have fun yet